everybody miss thang SB sixth is my
ninth Jordan video I have two sneakers
to show you both from 07 my elbow to
these for a while then resell them or
anything like that happy about that I'm
going to do this bit in the different
format tell me you like it I'm gonna get
into restarting with the outsole you
have that aqua that mainly covers the
outsole just as well as the black you
have your yellow hits and your red just
as well with a little bit of purple red
jump in towards the toe as you work your
way up on the midsole you have a black
midsole on the bottom then it goes up to
the purple which kind of got like some
kind of glitter look to it and you got
that aqua just as well and then you have
this plastic piece right here that has
the aqua hit and purple just as well
mixed in the shoe is mainly of a black
nubuck material towards the mid you have
perforations just as well as the upper
you have those perforations on your
straps it has a raised air jordan right
there come on this drop it has the 23
raised right there the tunnel on the
bottom is a nylon material the eyelids
are suede that work its way up and it
follows its way around the back of the
sneaker which is also suede just as well
on this trap it does the air jordan
raised just as well you got that carpet
like logo terry cloth logo and aqua
purple black with a red jump man in the
yellow circle around it nylon on the
tongue which connects to the inner sock
liner and you've got your pull tab right
here the regular mesh material
the inner walls are cloth really nice
red jumpman inside there's another pair
of eights these are women 8 the outer
sole is mostly purple you have your aqua
teal it's red purple yellow and black
just as well you got your red jump man
right there she work your way to the
midsole is mainly a green midsole teal
midsole you have you able to get a
yellow right here you have this plastic
piece that has yellow purple and white
mixed in as you work your way up it's a
white perforated leather on the mid
panel the toe and the strap is a white
premium leather really nice goes all the
way around to this strap see your
perforations on the upper the strap
right here is a nubuck material air
jordan raised 3m files its way around
the eyelids all the way it's the ankle
area and around the sneaker to the other
side you have 23 stitched in right here
on this strap my tongue you have a nylon
in teal nylon material all the wind up
upper part of the tongue you have this
terry cloth right here and aqua purple
and black with the red jumpman purple
and the inner sockliner purple on the
pull tab and this trippy design in all
colors that are pretty much on the sneak
up from the yellow purple to the teal so
on and so forth plastic pieces for the
strap or purple all around clean sneaker
I'll show you both of these on feet
right now 18 feet
no fee today melon I sneaker glad I held
on to it if you like Jordans chances are
you like these another pair of eight
these are women aight really nice glad
to have a small foot that I got to get
these definitely nice flashes linker I
really like to feel on it Arivu aqua ate
another pair of eights women's please
don't forget to rate subscribe comment
thankful support guys let me know if the
length away to this video is posted my
other videos and I'll see youse next up
another bid